good afternoon
i'd like to read the following security
council press statement
on myanmar swagger the members of the
security council
expressed deep concern at the
declaration of state of emergency
imposed in myanmar by the military on
the 1st of february
and the arbitrary detention members of
the government
including state councillor and president
mint and others they called for the
immediate release
of all those detained
[Music]
democratic institutions and processes
refrain from violence
and fully respect human rights
fundamental freedoms
at least two people have been killed and
several others injured in myanmar after
police
fired live ammunition to disperse
protesters in the city of mandalay
they encouraged pursuance of dialogue
and reconciliation
in accordance
the members of the security council
expressed concern
at the restrictions on civil society
journalists
and media workers they also called
for safe and unimpeded humanitarian
access
to all people in need including
through the re-establishment of un
relief funds
the members of the security council
reiterated their strong support
to regional organizations in particular
the association of southeast asian
nations asean
and welcomed the asean chairs statement
dated the first of february 2021.
they also reiterated their support to
the special envoy of the secretary
general
for good offices the members of the
security council
reaffirmed their strong commitment to
the sovereignty
political independence territorial
integrity
and unity of myanmar thank you
[Music]
you